Lesson 2 reflections

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	You turn a regular file into a repository, which is a special type of
	folder. It creates the .git file which will track commits and contains
	metadata about the files in the repository. If you didn't initialize,
	you couldn't commit.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is a temporary limbo where files from the directory go
	before they get committed to the repository. It offers organization.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	Before you commit something, you can see how many files are in the staging 
	area. So if there are too many in the staging area, remove some and only 
	commit those pertaining to one logical change. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	Branches would be useful if you wanted two separate types of your file. 
	For example in asteroids maybe you want one version that has continuous
	bullets and one that has regular, or one that is fast and one that is slow.
	Branches would help because you can maintain two separate versions and you
	don't always have to go back and forth and checkout.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	It helps me realize that certain commits are not accessible from other 
	commits and that there can be multiple versions coexisting that
	have different features. And also that once they branch, they could
	be brought back together in the future with a merge.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches takes the changes that were made independently in the
	two branches and combines them into one version. It is helpful if two people
	are working on separate features that eventually will both be in the final
	version. We show it that way in the diagram because for a while they are
	existing separately with separate histories and commits, but then they come
	back together,

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Automatic merging is convenient because you do not have to do everything by
	hand and remember the changes. However, it may sometimes merge in a way
	that you were not intending. At least for most situations, it will 
	bring it to your attention so you can make the call on how it should merge.